Usa o poder da tecnologia de reconhecimento de imagens para identificar as plantas e animais à tua volta Ganha crachás por veres diferentes tipos de plantas, aves, fungos e muito mais!

• Vai lá para fora e aponta a Camara do Seek para os seres vivos

• Identifica a vida selvagem, plantas, e fungos e aprende sobre os organismos à tua volta

• Recebe crachás por observar diferentes tipos de especies e participa em desafios


LIGA A CAMERA E COMEÇA A PROCURAR!

Encontraste um cogumelo, flor ou inseto, e não tens a certeza o que é? Abre a camera Seek para ver se ela sabe!

Procurando por milhões de observações de vida selvagem no iNaturalist, o Seek mostra-te listas de insetos, aves, plantas e anfíbios comummente vistos na tua area. Scan the environment with the Seek Camera to identify organisms using the tree of life. Add different species to your observations and learn all about them in the process! The more observations you make, the more badges you’ll earn!

This is a great app for families who want to spend more time exploring nature together, and for anyone who wants to learn more about the life all around them.

KID-SAFE

Seek does not require registration and does not collect any user data by default. Some user data will be collected if you choose to sign in with an iNaturalist account, but you must be over 13 or have your parents permission to do so.

Seek will ask permission to turn on location services, but your location is obscured to respect your privacy while still allowing species suggestions from your general area. Your precise location is never stored in the app or sent to iNaturalist unless you sign in to your iNaturalist account and submit your observations.

Our image recognition technology is based on observations submitted to iNaturalist.org and partner sites, and identified by the iNaturalist community.

Seek is created by the iNaturalist team. iNaturalist é uma iniciativa conjunta entre a California Academy of Sciences e a National Geographic Society. A Seek foi originalmente criada com o apoio da HHMI Tangled Bank Studios e aprimorada com o apoio do Nosso Planeta da Netflix e da WWF.